[Feat] Introduce shareable diffusion workflows (#4825)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/using-diffusers/workflows.md

```bash
{'prompt': 'A painting of a horse',
 'height': None,
 'width': None,
 'num_inference_steps': 15,
 'guidance_scale': 7.5,
 'negative_prompt': None,
 'eta': 0.0,
 'latents': None,
 'prompt_embeds': None,
 'negative_prompt_embeds': None,
 'output_type': 'pil',
 'return_dict': True,
 'callback': None,
 'callback_steps': 1,
 'cross_attention_kwargs': None,
 'guidance_rescale': 0.0,
 'clip_skip': None,
 'generator_seed': 331018828,
 'generator_device': device(type='cpu'),
 '_name_or_path': 'runwayml/stable-diffusion-v1-5',
 'scheduler_config': FrozenDict([('num_train_timesteps', 1000),
             ('beta_start', 0.00085),
             ('beta_end', 0.012),
             ('beta_schedule', 'scaled_linear'),
             ('trained_betas', None),
             ('skip_prk_steps', True),
             ('set_alpha_to_one', False),
             ('prediction_type', 'epsilon'),
             ('timestep_spacing', 'leading'),
             ('steps_offset', 1),
             ('_use_default_values', ['prediction_type', 'timestep_spacing']),
             ('_class_name', 'PNDMScheduler'),
             ('_diffusers_version', '0.6.0'),
             ('clip_sample', False)])}
```

> A [`Workflow`] object provides all the argument values in the `__call__()` of a pipeline. Add `return_workflow=True` to return a `Workflow` object:

Reviewer: I think this sentence makes more sense at the beginning of the "Serializing a workflow" section as an introduction instead of just starting with a code snippet with no context.

Once you have generated a workflow object, you can serialize it with [`~Workflow.save_workflow`]:

```python
outputs.workflow.save_workflow("my-simple-workflow-sd")
```

By default, your workflows are saved as `diffusion_workflow.json`, but you can give them a specific name with the `filename` argument:

```python
outputs.workflow.save_workflow("my-simple-workflow-sd", filename="my_workflow.json")
```

You can also set `push_to_hub=True` in [`~Workflow.save_workflow`] to directly push the workflow object to the Hub. 

## Loading a workflow

You can load a workflow in a pipeline with [`~DiffusionPipeline.load_workflow`]:

```python
from diffusers import DiffusionPipeline
import torch

pipeline = DiffusionPipeline.from_pretrained(
    "runwayml/stable-diffusion-v1-5", torch_dtype=torch.float16
).to("cuda")

pipeline.load_workflow("sayakpaul/my-simple-workflow-sd")
```

Once the pipeline is loaded with the desired workflow, it's ready to be called:

```python
image = pipeline().images[0]
```

> By default, while loading a workflow, we don't modify the scheduler of the underlying pipeline from the workflow. But you can change this behaviour by doing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, while loading a workflow, the scheduler of the underlying pipeline from the workflow isn't modified but you can change it by adding `load_scheduler=True`:
```

```
pipeline.load_workflow("sayakpaul/my-simple-workflow-sd", load_scheduler=True)
```

> This is particularly useful if you had changed the scheduler after loading a pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is particularly useful if you have changed the scheduler after loading a pipeline.
```

You can also override the pipeline call arguments. For example, to add a `negative_prompt`:

```python
image = pipeline(negative_prompt="bad quality").images[0]
```

Loading from a workflow is possible by specifying the `filename` argument inside the [`DiffusionPipeline.load_workflow`] method.

A workflow doesn't necessarily have to be used with the same pipeline that generated it. You can use it with a different pipeline too:

```python
from diffusers import DiffusionPipeline
import torch

pipeline = DiffusionPipeline.from_pretrained(
    "stabilityai/stable-diffusion-xl-base-1.0", torch_dtype=torch.float16
).to("cuda")

pipeline.load_workflow("sayakpaul/my-simple-workflow-sd")
image = pipeline().images[0]
```

> However, make sure to thoroughly inspect the values you are calling the pipeline with, in this case.

Reviewer: Is this what you mean?

```suggestion
However, make sure the workflow values from the old pipeline are compatible with the new pipeline you're using.
```

Author: Not just compatibility. If you're using a workflow that was generated using SD in SDXL, it's recommended to check the settings since the default SD height and width might not play nicely with SDXL. So, I think "inspection" is a better word here.

Loading from a local workflow is also possible:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```py
```

from diffusers import DiffusionPipeline
import torch

pipeline = DiffusionPipeline.from_pretrained(
    "stabilityai/stable-diffusion-xl-base-1.0", torch_dtype=torch.float16
).to("cuda")

pipeline.load_workflow("path_to_local_dir")
image = pipeline().images[0]
```

> Alternatively, if you want to manually load a workflow file and populate the pipeline arguments, you can do so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, if you want to load a workflow file and populate the pipeline arguments manually:
```

             ('solver_order', 2),
             ('prediction_type', 'epsilon'),
             ('thresholding', False),
             ('dynamic_thresholding_ratio', 0.995),
             ('sample_max_value', 1.0),
             ('predict_x0', True),
             ('solver_type', 'bh2'),
             ('lower_order_final', True),
             ('disable_corrector', []),
             ('solver_p', None),
             ('use_karras_sigmas', False),
             ('timestep_spacing', 'linspace'),
             ('steps_offset', 1),
             ('_use_default_values',
              ['lower_order_final',
               'sample_max_value',
               'solver_p',
               'dynamic_thresholding_ratio',
               'thresholding',
               'solver_type',
               'prediction_type',
               'predict_x0',
               'use_karras_sigmas',
               'disable_corrector',
               'timestep_spacing',
               'solver_order']),
             ('skip_prk_steps', True),
             ('set_alpha_to_one', False),
             ('_class_name', 'PNDMScheduler'),
             ('_diffusers_version', '0.6.0'),
             ('clip_sample', False)])}
```

> As you can notice, the `image` passed to the `pipeline` isn't a part of `workflow`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Let's serialize it and reload the pipeline:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's serialize the workflow and reload the pipeline to see what happens when you try to use it.
```

```python
workflow.save_workflow("my-simple-workflow-sd", filename="controlnet_simple.json", push_to_hub=True)
```

> Steps to load the workflow into [`StableDiffusionControlNetPipeline`] should remain the same as the example above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then load the workflow into [`StableDiffusionControlNetPipeline`]:
```

pipe = StableDiffusionControlNetPipeline.from_pretrained(
    "runwayml/stable-diffusion-v1-5", controlnet=controlnet, torch_dtype=torch.float16
)
pipe.enable_model_cpu_offload()

pipe.load_workflow("sayakpaul/my-simple-workflow-sd", filename="controlnet_simple.json")
```

If you try to generate an image now, it'll return the following error:

```bash
TypeError: image must be passed and be one of PIL image, numpy array, torch tensor, list of PIL images, list of numpy arrays or list of torch tensors, but is <class 'NoneType'>
```

To resolve the error, manually pass the conditioning image `canny_image`:

```python
image = pipe(image=canny_image).images[0]
```

Other unsupported serialization types include:

* LoRA checkpoints: any information from LoRA checkpoints that might be loaded into a pipeline isn't serialized. Workflows generated from pipelines loaded with a LoRA checkpoint should be handled cautiously! You should ensure the LoRA checkpoint is loaded into the pipeline first before loading the corresponding workflow.
* Call arguments including the following types: `torch.Tensor`, `np.ndarray`, `Callable`, `PIL.Image.Image`, and `List[PIL.Image.Image]`. 

> ## Workflow

Reviewer: This could be split off into a separate `Workflow` API page in the Internal classes section :)

Author: But workflows should be regular classes. I will split it off.

[[autodoc]] workflow_utils.Workflow

> ## workfllow_utils.populate_workflow_from_pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## workflow_utils.populate_workflow_from_pipeline
```
